Name: Anders Claesson
Academic title: Professor
Position: Professor
Subject: Mathematics (Combinatorics)
University: University of Iceland

Address:
Prof. Anders Claesson
Science Institute,
University of Iceland,
Dunhaga 5,
IS-107 Reykjavik,
Iceland

Email address: akc@hi.is

1. Since when and in what capacity ...

I've known Dagur since 2016 and I've had the privilege of his attendance
in four courses: Algebra I (group and ring theory), Algebra II (module
theory), Algebra III (Galois theory), and Enumerative Combinatorics.
These are demanding courses aimed at mathematics majors.

2. The applicant is among ...

   5% of 100

3. How does ... academic terms ... potential

Dagur is a truly remarkable student, he is hard working; super sharp;
excellent at writing; well-spoken; focused; and when it comes to marks
in my courses, he has a perfect score. I'm convinced that he will go on
to become a very accomplished mathematician in his own right. I could go
on, but suffice it to say that Dagur is one of Iceland's finest
students---a fact that is also witnessed by him receiving the Sigurður
Helgason award.

4. How does ... personal terms ... potential

Dagur has served as student representative on the meetings of the
Mathematics department at the University of Iceland, and his input to
those meetings has been very constructive and appreciated by the staff.

Dagur is currently assisting me on the Algebra I course. He is
responsible for tutorials and marking of assignments. I've enjoyed
working with him very much and, as always, he has accomplished his tasks
at the highest standard, and the midterm student course evaluations give
him due praise.

5. How ... preparation, feasibility, relevance and schedule ...

I have no doubts what so ever that Dagur is well prepared and that he
will accomplish what he sets out to do.

6. Of what significance ...

This scholarship would provide very valuable support for Dagur's
continued development as a mathematician. In the long run this will also
be valuable for Iceland when/if Dagur returns home.

7. Additional information ...

8. Degree of approval

   Emphatic approval
